---
layout: conference 
name: 'American Association of Physical Anthropologists 88th Annual Meeting'
year: '2019'
total_years: '88'
discipline: 'Ecology'
registration_fee: '$90-$440'
attendees: '1500'
carbon_footprint: '3000'
society_name: 'American Association of Physical Anthropologists'
society_members: '2200'
venue: 'Cleveland, OH, USA'
frequency: 'Annual'
sponsors: 'American Journal of Physical Anthropology, Bone Clones, Inc., LUCAS Scientific, DirectAMS, BETA Radioactive Dating, The Journal of Human Evolution'
virtual_option: 'None'
digital_archives: 'None'
attendance_cost: ' $2000-$4000'
other_carbon_footprint: '750'
electonic_program: 'Yes the program was provided online in interactive and .pdf formats on the conference website.'
onsite_maternity: 'None'
onsite_childcare: 'Yes on-site and Free (Childcare at the 2019 meetings will take the form of "Camp AAPA -- An adventure for kids." Childcare will be FREE again this year and will be available during the opening reception and from 8:00AM - 5:00PM on the Thursday, Friday and Saturday of the meetings. Preferred Sitters will continue to be the childcare service for the AAPA meeting. They have provided superior child daycare services for years, for corporate and government events. Be assured that your child will be cared for in a fun, active and caring environment while you are in your sessions. We have lots of activities planned for your children, like crafts, Lego building competitions, story-time, Pictionary).'
caregiver_grant: 'None'
<<<<<<< HEAD
career_development: 'Yes (1.Mentoring the Mentor:  A Mentor-Training Workshop(Description: There is ample evidence that mentoring plays an important role in achieving a satisfying and successful career in academia.  While most in academia find themselves in the role of mentor at some point in their career, few have had formal training in best practices for mentoring, particularly in the context of mentoring women and underrepresented minorities.)  2. Non-academic Careers in Physical Anthropology (Description: There are many career paths within Physical Anthropology that lie outside, or partially outside, of academia. However, these careers are frequently under-represented at annual meetings due to the academic nature of these conferences. Still, greater representation of non-academic careers within physical anthropology helps to diversify the field and helps to build these professions by attracting talented early career professionals that frequent annual meetings.)  3. Creating An Ad Hoc Early Career Committee (Bioanthropologists who have recently completed their PhDs struggle to find continuing mentorship, understand and navigate the job market and tenure process, develop independent research programs, and learn to mentor students. As our fastest growing group of members students transitioning into early career status, the importance of addressing the needs of this group will only grow. This session will address the utility and structure of an ad hoc Early Career Committee (ECC) to represent the needs of this growing group. The discussion will be led by a mix of previous Early Career and Student Liaisons, all of whom are pre-tenure anthropologists within 10 years of their PhD.)    4. Navigating the Intercultural Landscape of Gender-Based Harassment and Assault in Fieldwork (Clancy and colleagues (2014) demonstrated that scientific fieldwork often exposes researchers to gender-based harassment and sexual assault with women trainees more frequently targeted.  Our subsequent disciplinary conversation about mitigating harassment and assault in fieldwork has focused largely on supervisor-trainee relationships grounded in shared professional training and cultural expectations.  This has left a gap in addressing gender-based harassment and sexual harassment issues between researchers and local collaborators or employees. These can be challenging and complex due to cultural differences in expectations for interpersonal relationships and in local laws and norms around harassment and assault.  Women and LGBT researchers conducting independent research or establishing research sites in socially conservative places can find themselves vulnerable to gender-based harassment and assault from local collaborators and employees or may find themselves responsible for local employees who are accused of, or victims of, harassment or assault. Additionally, researchers in the field lack protections and guidance we expect from home institutions and law enforcement. This panel discussion and roundtable will bring together researchers at different career levels who have worked independently in the field to discuss their experience establishing and managing collaborative relationships with local researchers, employees, and communities.  Panelists will discuss their strategies in preventing, managing, or handling gender-based harassment and assault within complex intercultural contexts. Policies emphasizing safety and inclusion, and establishing protocols and mechanisms for reporting and responding to harassment and assault within a field site, can improve the safety of trainees and early-career researchers (Clancy et al., 2014; Nelson et al., 2017). The goal of this panel is both to provide an opportunity and safe space to discuss personal experiences to begin the process of developing guidelines and best practices for field researchers as they work to establish field sites where researchers and local partners are not vulnerable to harassment or assault.)  5.Choosing, Evaluating, and Using Online Resources in Your Classes (Description: Online resources for teaching anthropology are accessible, helpful, and mostly free. But these resources also vary in value, and it can be a challenge to incorporate them into your curriculum. Participants are asked to bring their laptops and information about sources that have worked (or not) in their classrooms. We will also discuss teaching students how to evaluate online resources.)  6. Citing Marginalized Scholars in Biological Anthropology(Description: Who we cite has consequences. Citational practices, including whose ideas we teach and work with, influence what becomes the core sensibilities that shape knowledge production in our field. Importantly, the subset of work that we conventionally cite does not match the diversity of ideas that exist in biological anthropology. Not all scholars are cited equally, and this is shaped by race, class, sex, and gender inequalities. The work of scholars like Earnest Hooton and Carleton Coon have frequently been amplified, while the work of scholars like W. Montague Cobb has often historically been obscured. This form of silencing perpetuates the marginalization of historically underrepresented scholars in biological anthropology, making it difficult for an increasingly diverse generation of researchers to identify with this field. Shifting citational practices is therefore a crucial site of intervention.)  7.Career Development Panel: How to Write a Grant Proposal (Description: Panelists Rebecca Ferrell (Program Director, Biological Anthropology, National Science Foundation), Paddy Moore (Grant and Program Officer, Leakey Foundation), Danilyn Rutherford (President, Wenner-Gren Foundation) and Miguel Vilar (Senior Program Officer, National Geographic Society) will describe funding programs available to early career researchers. In addition to offering practical advice on how to write a competitive grant proposal for their programs, the panelists will be available to answer questions from the audience)  8.Understanding the NSF Broader Impacts Criterion and Developing the Societal Impact of Your Science(Description: The NSF Broader Impacts merit review criterion requires applicants to propose/present ways in which their research will benefit society, beyond the advancement of knowledge and theory in particular research areas. These broader impacts may be accomplished through the research itself, through activities directly related to specific research projects, or through activities that are supported by, but complementary to, a project. Student and faculty applicants to NSF programs, including Biological Anthropology, routinely have questions about what activities “count” as broader impacts, what NSF panels and program officers currently expect in terms of broader impacts plans for various types of proposals, and how to develop and present effective plans. These applicants may or may not be thinking more broadly about identifying/integrating societal impacts into their research design, outside of the requirements of a particular funding agency. The two-hour session will include: specific information about NSF Broader Impacts in the context of the NSF merit review system (20-30 minute presentation: Ferrell), shared experiences of 4-6 NSF student and faculty grantees (and 1+ non-grantees) with a variety of broader impacts activities (panelists will represent a number of sub-fields, and cover a variety of activities, potentially including science communication, museum outreach, K-12 activities and science education, community outreach/involvement and citizen science, undergraduate and graduate training, public health impacts, conservation impacts, etc.), and time for questions from the audience, and, potentially (depending on room set-up) break-out groups for attendees to discuss further with individual panelists and NSF staff.  Opportunity for attendees to provide feedback and input on questions, challenges, and needs related to implementation of broader impacts in their research.)  9. Mentoring for teaching-focused careers(Description: Increasing numbers of anthropologists are embracing jobs at teaching-focused colleges and universities both inside and outside of anthropology departments. As, by definition, PhD programs exist at research-focused universities, graduate students may have a difficult time finding mentors to help them prepare application materials geared towards teaching-focused institutions. In this workshop, registrants will be paired with AAPA members currently employed at community colleges, liberal arts colleges, and teaching-focused universities. Before the meeting, registrants will supply drafts of their cover letter and teaching philosophy to their mentor. During this workshop, mentors and mentees will meet in person to review these application materials and discuss the teaching-focused job market. The goal of this workshop is to assist job-seeking AAPA members in strengthening their applications for teaching-focused jobs, and to provide support and networking opportunities for members interested in pursuing teaching-focused careers. This workshop is organized by the Anthropologists outside of Anthropology Departments, Contingent and Teaching Focused faculty subgroup of the Committee on Diversity.)'
ecr_promotion_events: 'Yes (Cobb Professional Development Grants: The American Association of Physical Anthropologists recognizes that the professional development of talented scientists in the early stages of their careers is critical to the continued health and vitality of the discipline. Applicants must be junior faculty members (such as postdoctoral scholars, lecturers, or Assistant Professors) and must be non-tenured at the time of application and award. Individuals in non-traditional positions equivalent to these junior faculty positions are also encouraged to apply. Membership in the AAPA is NOT a requirement. An applicant may receive only one Professional Development Grant during their career.The budget should not exceed $7,500)   Also Student Presentation Awards: The American Association of Physical Anthropologists awards prizes to outstanding presentations at the annual meeting whose first author is a student member. The AAPA has long recognized the important contributions made to our discipline by students. For decades, specific named awards were conferred for outstanding podium and poster presentations. A list of these awards and awardees can be found below. As our annual meeting has grown and the distinctions between podium and poster presentations are blurred, the AAPA Executive Committee has elected to bestow each AAPA-supported award (usually between 4-6) as an American Association of Physical Anthropologists Award for Outstanding Student Presentation. Similarly, the AAPA will also confer the American Association of Physical Anthropologists Honorable Mention for Student Presentation. Endowed awards, awards supported by journals and publishers, along with awards co-sponsored with other organizations will remain unchanged in name.  Awards: For an excellent poster or podium presentation on bones or teeth The Mildred Trotter Prize For an excellent poster or podium presentation on primatology The Patricia Whitten Prize For an excellent poster or podium presentation on human or primate evolution The Journal of Human Evolution Prize For excellent poster and podium presentations that are judged to best implement either traditional or state-of-the-art anatomical methodologies in innovative anthropological research (subject to co-funding by the Association of Anatomists).  The AAA-AAPA Anatomy in Anthropology poster and podium prizes There are many more excellent student poster and podium presentations than we have named awards. As the result a number of Honorable Mention Prizes are awarded each year. The Honorable Mention Prizes Eligibility: To be eligible for a prize, a paper or poster must meet the following criteria: The first author must be a student member (or special member who is a student) of the AAPA at the time of abstract submission who has not previously won a prize for an AAPA presentation. Individuals who have completed all terminal degree requirements before the abstract submission deadline are ineligible for a student prize. However, the first author may be a Regular Member at the time of presentation. The first author must be a member of the AAPA at the time the meeting is held (Student or Special). The paper and the project to be presented must be primarily the work of the first author The abstract must have been accepted for either a podium or poster presentation of the main AAPA meeting (exclusive of the COD Undergraduate Research Symposium). The first author student must personally make the presentation of the paper or poster. The value of the each award is $500.)'
travel_awards: 'Yes (William S. Pollitzer Student Travel Award (Qualifications: This award is open to all AAPA student members (undergraduate and graduate) who are attending the annual meeting. You DO NOT have to be giving a paper to compete or receive an award. You DO need to be a MEMBER of the AAPA at the time of the meeting, and you need to have not been granted your PhD before the submission deadline. Students from underrepresented groups in biological anthropology, those who are the first in their family to go to college, or are undergraduate students at two-year and four-year colleges (without graduate programs) are strongly encouraged to apply. Award: Up to $500 to defray travel costs to the meetings. Application and Essay: The essay question changes each year. Awards are made on the basis of an essay of no more than 750 words long (excluding references). Any submission over 750 words will be automatically disqualified. References are not counted towards the 750 words and should be included in the same text box with the essay. In 2019, the AAPA formally adopted a new position statement on race and racism (https://physanth.org/about/position-statements/aapa-statement-race-and-racism-2019/). The Association is uniquely positioned to offer such a statement, given the historical roles that biological anthropologists have played in the creation and perpetuation of racialized systems of oppression and discrimination. In our professional contexts, biological anthropologists have opportunities to address "race," educate students, and inform publics about the science of human biological variation. In an essay of 750 words or less, describe how you may approach such opportunities in the classroom or in other professional arenas, and how they can best be used to communicate an honest and accurate message concerning the science of race and racism. Essay evaluation and scoring procedures: The AAPA student prize committee will evaluate each submission with an identification number (assigned by the committee chair) to mask authors’ identities. Applicants who have won a Pollitzer travel award previously are eligible to enter the competition again, but students who have never won before will be given priority.)'
code_of_ethics: 'https://physanth.org/about/committees/ethics/'
code_of_conduct: 'Yes very brief sort of mixed with a Safety sheet (https://physanth.org/annual-meetings/past-meetings/88th-annual-meeting-2019/safety-contact-information-2019-cleveland-meetings/)'
safety_instructions: 'Safety Sheet/contact information only (https://physanth.org/annual-meetings/past-meetings/88th-annual-meeting-2019/safety-contact-information-2019-cleveland-meetings/)'
gender_balance: 'None'
keynote_gender_balance: 'Not Applicable to this meeting.'
speaker_gender_balance: 'Not Applicable to this meeting.'
=======
career_development: 'Yes! 1.Mentoring the Mentor:  A Mentor-Training Workshop(Description: There is ample evidence that mentoring plays an important role in achieving a satisfying and successful career in academia.  While most in academia find themselves in the role of mentor at some point in their career, few have had formal training in best practices for mentoring, particularly in the context of mentoring women and underrepresented minorities.)    2. Non-academic Careers in Physical Anthropology (Description: There are many career paths within Physical Anthropology that lie outside, or partially outside, of academia. However, these careers are frequently under-represented at annual meetings due to the academic nature of these conferences. Still, greater representation of non-academic careers within physical anthropology helps to diversify the field and helps to build these professions by attracting talented early career professionals that frequent annual meetings.)  3.Creating An Ad Hoc Early Career Committee (Bioanthropologists who have recently completed their PhDs struggle to find continuing mentorship, understand and navigate the job market and tenure process, develop independent research programs, and learn to mentor students. As our fastest growing group of members students transitioning into early career status, the importance of addressing the needs of this group will only grow. This session will address the utility and structure of an ad hoc Early Career Committee (ECC) to represent the needs of this growing group. The discussion will be led by a mix of previous Early Career and Student Liaisons, all of whom are pre-tenure anthropologists within 10 years of their PhD.)    4. Navigating the Intercultural Landscape of Gender-Based Harassment and Assault in Fieldwork (Clancy and colleagues (2014) demonstrated that scientific fieldwork often exposes researchers to gender-based harassment and sexual assault with women trainees more frequently targeted.  Our subsequent disciplinary conversation about mitigating harassment and assault in fieldwork has focused largely on supervisor-trainee relationships grounded in shared professional training and cultural expectations.  This has left a gap in addressing gender-based harassment and sexual harassment issues between researchers and local collaborators or employees. These can be challenging and complex due to cultural differences in expectations for interpersonal relationships and in local laws and norms around harassment and assault.  Women and LGBT researchers conducting independent research or establishing research sites in socially conservative places can find themselves vulnerable to gender-based harassment and assault from local collaborators and employees or may find themselves responsible for local employees who are accused of, or victims of, harassment or assault. Additionally, researchers in the field lack protections and guidance we expect from home institutions and law enforcement.  This panel discussion and roundtable will bring together researchers at different career levels who have worked independently in the field to discuss their experience establishing and managing collaborative relationships with local researchers, employees, and communities.  Panelists will discuss their strategies in preventing, managing, or handling gender-based harassment and assault within complex intercultural contexts. Policies emphasizing safety and inclusion, and establishing protocols and mechanisms for reporting and responding to harassment and assault within a field site, can improve the safety of trainees and early-career researchers (Clancy et al., 2014; Nelson et al., 2017). The goal of this panel is both to provide an opportunity and safe space to discuss personal experiences to begin the process of developing guidelines and best practices for field researchers as they work to establish field sites where researchers and local partners are not vulnerable to harassment or assault.)  5.Choosing, Evaluating, and Using Online Resources in Your Classes (Description: Online resources for teaching anthropology are accessible, helpful, and mostly free. But these resources also vary in value, and it can be a challenge to incorporate them into your curriculum. Participants are asked to bring their laptops and information about sources that have worked (or not) in their classrooms. We will also discuss teaching students how to evaluate online resources.) 6. Citing Marginalized Scholars in Biological Anthropology(Description: Who we cite has consequences. Citational practices, including whose ideas we teach and work with, influence what becomes the core sensibilities that shape knowledge production in our field. Importantly, the subset of work that we conventionally cite does not match the diversity of ideas that exist in biological anthropology.  Not all scholars are cited equally, and this is shaped by race, class, sex, and gender inequalities. The work of scholars like Earnest Hooton and Carleton Coon have frequently been amplified, while the work of scholars like W. Montague Cobb has often historically been obscured. This form of silencing perpetuates the marginalization of historically underrepresented scholars in biological anthropology, making it difficult for an increasingly diverse generation of researchers to identify with this field. Shifting citational practices is therefore a crucial site of intervention.)  7.Career Development Panel: How to Write a Grant Proposal (Description: Panelists Rebecca Ferrell (Program Director, Biological Anthropology, National Science Foundation), Paddy Moore (Grant and Program Officer, Leakey Foundation), Danilyn Rutherford (President, Wenner-Gren Foundation) and Miguel Vilar (Senior Program Officer, National Geographic Society) will describe funding programs available to early career researchers. In addition to offering practical advice on how to write a competitive grant proposal for their programs, the panelists will be available to answer questions from the audience)  8.Understanding the NSF Broader Impacts Criterion and Developing the Societal Impact of Your Science(Description: The NSF Broader Impacts merit review criterion requires applicants to propose/present ways in which their research will benefit society, beyond the advancement of knowledge and theory in particular research areas. These broader impacts may be accomplished through the research itself, through activities directly related to specific research projects, or through activities that are supported by, but complementary to, a project.  Student and faculty applicants to NSF programs, including Biological Anthropology, routinely have questions about what activities “count” as broader impacts, what NSF panels and program officers currently expect in terms of broader impacts plans for various types of proposals, and how to develop and present effective plans. These applicants may or may not be thinking more broadly about identifying/integrating societal impacts into their research design, outside of the requirements of a particular funding agency.  The two-hour session will include: specific information about NSF Broader Impacts in the context of the NSF merit review system (20-30 minute presentation: Ferrell), shared experiences of 4-6 NSF student and faculty grantees (and 1+ non-grantees) with a variety of broader impacts activities (panelists will represent a number of sub-fields, and cover a variety of activities, potentially including science communication, museum outreach, K-12 activities and science education, community outreach/involvement and citizen science, undergraduate and graduate training, public health impacts, conservation impacts, etc.), and time for questions from the audience, and, potentially (depending on room set-up) break-out groups for attendees to discuss further with individual panelists and NSF staff.  Opportunity for attendees to provide feedback and input on questions, challenges, and needs related to implementation of broader impacts in their research.)  9. Mentoring for teaching-focused careers(Description: Increasing numbers of anthropologists are embracing jobs at teaching-focused colleges and universities both inside and outside of anthropology departments. As, by definition, PhD programs exist at research-focused universities, graduate students may have a difficult time finding mentors to help them prepare application materials geared towards teaching-focused institutions.  In this workshop, registrants will be paired with AAPA members currently employed at community colleges, liberal arts colleges, and teaching-focused universities. Before the meeting, registrants will supply drafts of their cover letter and teaching philosophy to their mentor. During this workshop, mentors and mentees will meet in person to review these application materials and discuss the teaching-focused job market. The goal of this workshop is to assist job-seeking AAPA members in strengthening their applications for teaching-focused jobs, and to provide support and networking opportunities for members interested in pursuing teaching-focused careers. This workshop is organized by the Anthropologists outside of Anthropology Departments, Contingent and Teaching Focused faculty subgroup of the Committee on Diversity.)'
ecr_promotion_events: 'Yes (Cobb Professional Development Grants: The American Association of Physical Anthropologists recognizes that the professional development of talented scientists in the early stages of their careers is critical to the continued health and vitality of the discipline. Applicants must be junior faculty members (such as postdoctoral scholars, lecturers, or Assistant Professors) and must be non-tenured at the time of application and award. Individuals in non-traditional positions equivalent to these junior faculty positions are also encouraged to apply. Membership in the AAPA is NOT a requirement. An applicant may receive only one Professional Development Grant during their career.The budget should not exceed $7,500)   Also Student Presentation Awards: The American Association of Physical Anthropologists awards prizes to outstanding presentations at the annual meeting whose first author is a student member. The AAPA has long recognized the important contributions made to our discipline by students. For decades, specific named awards were conferred for outstanding podium and poster presentations. A list of these awards and awardees can be found below. As our annual meeting has grown and the distinctions between podium and poster presentations are blurred, the AAPA Executive Committee has elected to bestow each AAPA-supported award (usually between 4-6) as an American Association of Physical Anthropologists Award for Outstanding Student Presentation. Similarly, the AAPA will also confer the American Association of Physical Anthropologists Honorable Mention for Student Presentation. Endowed awards, awards supported by journals and publishers, along with awards co-sponsored with other organizations will remain unchanged in name.  Awards For an excellent poster or podium presentation on bones or teeth The Mildred Trotter Prize  For an excellent poster or podium presentation on primatology The Patricia Whitten Prize  For an excellent poster or podium presentation on human or primate evolution The Journal of Human Evolution Prize  For excellent poster and podium presentations that are judged to best implement either traditional or state-of-the-art anatomical methodologies in innovative anthropological research (subject to co-funding by the Association of Anatomists).  The AAA-AAPA Anatomy in Anthropology poster and podium prizes  There are many more excellent student poster and podium presentations than we have named awards. As the result a number of Honorable Mention Prizes are awarded each year. The Honorable Mention Prizes  Eligibility: To be eligible for a prize, a paper or poster must meet the following criteria: The first author must be a student member (or special member who is a student) of the AAPA at the time of abstract submission who has not previously won a prize for an AAPA presentation. Individuals who have completed all terminal degree requirements before the abstract submission deadline are ineligible for a student prize. However, the first author may be a Regular Member at the time of presentation. The first author must be a member of the AAPA at the time the meeting is held (Student or Special). The paper and the project to be presented must be primarily the work of the first author The abstract must have been accepted for either a podium or poster presentation of the main AAPA meeting (exclusive of the COD Undergraduate Research Symposium). The first author student must personally make the presentation of the paper or poster.  The value of the each award is $500.   '
travel_awards: 'Yes William S. Pollitzer Student Travel Award (Qualifications: This award is open to all AAPA student members (undergraduate and graduate) who are attending the annual meeting. You DO NOT have to be giving a paper to compete or receive an award. You DO need to be a MEMBER of the AAPA at the time of the meeting, and you need to have not been granted your PhD before the submission deadline. Students from underrepresented groups in biological anthropology, those who are the first in their family to go to college, or are undergraduate students at two-year and four-year colleges (without graduate programs) are strongly encouraged to apply. Award: Up to $500 to defray travel costs to the meetings. Application and Essay: The essay question changes each year. Awards are made on the basis of an essay of no more than 750 words long (excluding references). Any submission over 750 words will be automatically disqualified. References are not counted towards the 750 words and should be included in the same text box with the essay. In 2019, the AAPA formally adopted a new position statement on race and racism (https://physanth.org/about/position-statements/aapa-statement-race-and-racism-2019/). The Association is uniquely positioned to offer such a statement, given the historical roles that biological anthropologists have played in the creation and perpetuation of racialized systems of oppression and discrimination. In our professional contexts, biological anthropologists have opportunities to address "race," educate students, and inform publics about the science of human biological variation. In an essay of 750 words or less, describe how you may approach such opportunities in the classroom or in other professional arenas, and how they can best be used to communicate an honest and accurate message concerning the science of race and racism. Essay evaluation and scoring procedures: The AAPA student prize committee will evaluate each submission with an identification number (assigned by the committee chair) to mask authors’ identities. Applicants who have won a Pollitzer travel award previously are eligible to enter the competition again, but students who have never won before will be given priority.)'
code_of_conduct: 'Yes very brief sort of mixed with a Safety sheet (https://physanth.org/annual-meetings/past-meetings/88th-annual-meeting-2019/safety-contact-information-2019-cleveland-meetings/'
safety_instructions: 'Safet Sheet/contact information only (https://physanth.org/annual-meetings/past-meetings/88th-annual-meeting-2019/safety-contact-information-2019-cleveland-meetings/)'
gender_balance: 'None'
keynote_gender_balance: 'Not Applicable to this meeting.'
speaker_gender_balance: 'Not APplicable to this meeting.'
>>>>>>> 236dd27066f45460891aaafb5d4897217e28218d
invited_gender_balance: 'Not Applicable to this meeting.'
session_chair_gender_balance: '45 Wome: 16 Men'
conference_chair_gender_balance: 'Scientific Prorgam Committee: 30 Women: 18 Men, Conference President: 1 Man'
environmental_sustainability: 'None'
public_engagement: 'None'
sustainability_initiatives: 'None'
conference_url: 'https://physanth.org/annual-meetings/past-meetings/88th-annual-meeting-2019/'
other_details: ''
---
